[#201] Update README and the baking guide (#221)
serokell/tezos-packaging: docs/baking.md

package, which provides predefined services for running baking instances on different
networks.

> Note that this package also provides a `tezos-baking-wizard` CLI utility, designed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package also provides a `tezos-baking-wizard` CLI utility, designed to
```
nitpick, but IMO it's easier to read from the previous paragraph,

systemd units for running the corresponding binaries in the background, these units
are orchestrated by the `tezos-baking-<network>` units.

## Using the wizard

> If at this point you want to set up the baking instance using the wizard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If at this point you want to set up the baking instance, or only a node, using the wizard, run:
```

```

> tezos-baking-wizard

Reviewer: Since this wizard is also able to set up only a node it probably makes sense to rename it to `tezos-setup` or `tezos-setup-wizard`.

Given that before this issue gets merged the wizard is not known to the rest of the world I suggest we do it before that (in a separate PR that should be merged before this one).

```

> This wizard closely follows this guide, so it's not necessary to follow the next steps for a
> basic setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This wizard closely follows this guide, so for most setups it won't be necessary to follow the
rest of this guide.
```
I think we give enough options in there to cover most standard setups.
